[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Recently, new research has
revealed that the Germans may
have been researching
flying craft and, possibly,
anti-gravity for over 150 years.
>> I was aware of the 1890s
airship mystery as a result
of being interested in
UFOs since I was a kid.
And when you follow through on
looking at the 1890s airship
mystery, you're going to come
across the Sonora Aero Club.
>> This is one of these things
that's really never adequately
been explained to this day.
So starting in Sacramento,
California, in 1896,
going through various
parts of the American
West to as far as
Chicago, and, I think,
St Louis and some of
the Midwest there.
>> The evidence that we have
for the 1890s airship mystery
and these airship sightings
actually happening are
the numerous newspaper reports
all over the Western United
States.
The dozens, in some cases
the hundreds, in other cases,
of people in major cities and
other various populated areas
seeing these airships,
not only seeing these
airships flying overhead,
but the airships would land.
And the crew and the pilots
would step off these things
and tell the people
about the airships.
They'd bring them on board
and they'd show them.
>> Airship technology in
1897, this is something a lot
of people don't realize,
was so primitive.
So airships, first
of all, hardly
existed in the
United States at all.
They were most advanced
in France and in Europe.
And even there, they couldn't
go more than five or 10 miles.
And they were
impossible to navigate.
They were dangerous as hell.
People regularly got
killed trying to fly them.
So to have an
airship that's even
being described as going
30-50 miles per hour,
that's really an impossibility
as far as the technology.
To steer it and to have
it go the distances
that this airship would have
gone, I think, is impossible.
>> Some of them would land.
They'd interact
with the occupants.
This is before
Zeppelins and dirigible.
So they really didn't
know what they were.
>> So it's the newspaper reports
that must be looked at more
closely and taken
more seriously,
because there's so many of them.
And they give so
much more information
than people usually get.
We learn about the
Sonora Aero Club
and we first hear of
this mysterious NYMZA
from a man named Charles
A A Delschau, who
was a German immigrant born
in Brandenburg, Prussia
in, I think, 1830.
And he comes to America
as a young man via Texas
and continues on
out to California
at the behest of this
mysterious NYMZA group.
He then, after being there
for three or four years
and then being involved with the
activities of this Flying Club,
he then returns to Texas where
he spends the rest of his life.
And finally, in the 1890s, he
took his diary and he created--
he was a very good artist--
and he created several hundreds
of paintings of these aeros.
And there are several
albums of them.
And he left them
behind when he died.
And they were almost destroyed.
They were found in a trash
heap in an antique store.
According to Delschau, NYMZA was
a secretive German-based group
that was financing and
providing resources
to these various small
groups of inventors
building flying machines.
And this was all done
very secretively.
>> The Sonora Aero Club
functioned under NYMZA
for a period of time
and then broke away.
You have a bunch of
people that are developing
high technology in secret.
>> These aeros, as they
called their flying machines,
appear to have been powered
by a very rudimentary,
proof of concept version
of anti-gravity technology.
>> In that time, in that
space, you see the development.
You kind of see a
technical development.
You see the beginnings of some
sort of a secret group that's
developing high technology.
>> I'm convinced that the
1890s airships were definitely
the same technology the
1850s further developed.
>> It's that idea that we have
secret societies creating high
technology and are very
mysterious about where
their high technology
is coming from.
>> But are there other
researchers who were interested
in the same ideas that the
Germans were researching?
Was anyone else interested
in anti-gravity?
We discovered two men
in the United States
who were interested in the
connection between gravity
and electricity, which
when properly understood
produces an anti-gravity effect.
The two men were Serbia
immigrant Nikola Tesla
and the other was an
American whose name
was Thomas Townsend Brown.
While much is known
about Tesla, very little
is known about T Townsend Brown.
Tesla came to the
United States and began
working with Thomas Edison.
They had a disagreement about
direct current, which Edison
favored, and alternating
current, which Tesla favored
and which has become
the standard today.
Tesla's experiments
with electricity
are very well known.
It is likely that both
Tesla and T Townsend
Brown worked together on
the famous Philadelphia
experiment in which
it was discovered
that large amounts
of electricity
could cause a ship to disappear
and possibly relocate.
We know so much more
about Tesla than we
do about T Townsend Brown.
Why?
Who was he?
And what did he do?
>> I was attending a
group we had in Oregon--
Portland, Oregon--
called the Flatlanders.
They were sort of rebels,
scientific rebels.
And that's where I learned
about Townsend Brown.
And one fellow it took me--
he Xeroxed his whole file
on Townsend Brown's work.
I thought, my god, this is true.
You know, there is
this correlation
between charging gravity here.
Brown was researching
this way back as early
as the beginning of
the 20th century.
>> There appears to be a direct
relationship between electrical
charge and gravity.
And the reason for this
to Biefeld-Brown effect.
This originated from the results
of Dr. Thomas Townsend Brown
and then Dr. Biefeld
applied it scientifically.
>> He would charge a
capacitor to 100,000 volts.
And it would be suspended
from the ceiling
and find it would move towards
the positively charged side.
He calls this electrogravitics.
>> Brown's basic discovery
is actually quite simple.
If you take a piece
of electrical material
and charge it to
a very high level,
you will get
gravitational thrust
coming off of that metal.
So for example, if
you have a disk that
has a negative
plate on the bottom
and a positive anode on
top, you will get thrust
in an upward direction.
>> If you can create what's
called unbalanced forces
on the capacitor, so that
the charge on one side
of the capacitor pushes
on the capacitor one way,
a different amount than the
other charges push the other
way, the capacitor
is going to move.
And Brown found
that this happens
in asymmetrical capacitors
where one plate is small
and the other is very large.
So he had these things
that look like a flying
saucer-like umbrellas for
one plate and the other
would be a ball.
And the whole thing would lift.
He was able to get this to
lift its own weight plus 10%
extra weight, quite amazingly.
Now this is just part of-- a
small part of Brown's research
we're talking about.
He also got into
electrokinetics.
>> The gravitational flow
going into the black hole has
the same flux equations
as the physics of an atom.
>> In fact, during the
war, what was he doing?
You know, they say radar work.
It was at the time of the
Philadelphia experiment.
There's a lot of rumors
that he was on this.
And he has never denied it
when people would ask him.
He would not say, but
he would not deny it.
>> There's only one field.
And we've been tricked
into thinking that gravity
is one thing and electrical
energy is something else,
but they actually
go hand in hand.
>> Brown was highly respected.
He worked in a Naval
research laboratory.
He had very strong
connections with the military.
He made demonstrations
of some disks to the Navy
out at Pearl Harbor that
reportedly were flying
at hundreds of miles per hour.
>> So what happens is the
classified world takes these,
classifies those technologies,
and, essentially,
runs away with them preventing
the rest of the world--
literally, preventing the rest
of the world, through legal
means, from developing
those types of technologies.
So we're talking forms
of electrogravitics,
electromagnetic
propulsion technologies,
gravitational
propulsion technologies.
>> It's only when you start
working in very high amperage
conditions, like what Nikola
Tesla was working on, Dr.
Thomas Townsend Brown, and the
Germans with the Bell tech that
you now have gravitational
vectors coming off that
electrostatic charge.
So what's fascinating about
this is Dr. Thomas Townsend
Brown was developing this
technology back in the 1920s.
That's like 100 years ago.
And then later, it was
co-oped by the Germans
and other groups
which then began
to develop this technology.
>> Now, we can see and
understand how electricity
and gravity can form a field
that can be manipulated.
Objects can be moved
around, even in a vacuum.
When we ask the question, are
there any other researchers
looking into this
connection, we discovered
the work of Nikolai Kozyrev.
>> Torsion as a term in physics
for the rotation and twisting
of the lattice
structure of spacetime.
That's it in a nutshell.
>> There's a branch of science
in Russian astrophysics that
was largely pioneered
by Nikolai Kozyrev.
And it's called torsion fields.
>> Kozyrev noticed that if
the standard model of the sun,
or any other star,
as being a big,
huge chained up
hydrogen bomb, you know,
perpetually exploding and then
collapsing in on itself again,
that if that model were true,
then the sun should be spitting
out much more
neutrino radiation.
>> Torsion fields are a very
unique and bizarre phenomena,
because they are an unseen
force that are ignored
by conventional science.
If you go back to the
time of Isaac Newton,
gravity was working just
fine before the apple
fell on his head.
Before gravity was defined,
we literally just ignored it.
In much the same
way, torsion fields
are a basic force
of the universe.
And Kozyrev demonstrated
it conclusively.
>> Kozyrev began to think,
well, this means that the sun--
and this is why I personally
think nuclear bombs,
particularly hydrogen bombs,
are accessing some other form
of energy because this
is what Kozyrev came to.
And what he came to
was, well, the sun
is-- because of certain features
of this differential rotation
of the plasma under
electromagnetic stress,
what you have here
is an open system.
And the sun is literally
coupled to the other elements
of that system, namely, the
planets in their orbits,
their angular momenta, inertial
mass, and so on and so forth,
that all feed into this open
system and this gating energy.
>> Kozyrev found different
ways to measure these forces.
For example, if
you had a pendulum
with 10 grams of weight on one
side and one gram on the other
and they were on a
string, the pendulum
would then swing in the
direction of the torsion field
just by vibrating the
top of the string.
In that way, the
actual pendulum would
be very sensitive to the
effect of the torsion fields.
>> That energy is going to
vary over time depending upon
the geometrical
configuration of local space.
>> He found that mechanical
processes could generate
torsion field.
>> Kozyrev begins
to investigate this.
And he concludes that this
energy is coming from time.
>> But one day, he's
reading Goethe's book
on the "Temptation of Faust"
by the devil Mephistopheles.
And all of a sudden, he
had an emotional reaction.
And the needle points
directly at him.
Then he realized
that consciousness
could create a torsion
field in the same way
that mechanical forces can.
>> He begins to
investigate this.
And something interesting
happens, because he's roundly
denounced in Pravda for being
a quack, a mountebank, a fraud.
And he sort of disappears.
And then after the fall of the
Soviet Union, lo and behold,
we discover that what
Kozyrev was actually doing
was extremely top secret
work for the Soviet
Union in torsion physics.
If you really dig in the record,
all the indicators are there.
Nazis are working
in torsion physics.
The Russians are working
The Russians are
detonating their H-bombs.
And when they do, they're
getting probably runaway yields
from their calculations.
And oh, there's this
astrophysicist over here
that's been talking
about the sun
and it's not performing properly
according to the predictions
of general relativity.
Well, we'll shuffle
him off the stage
and put him to work on figuring
out just what the heck is going
on here, because we can't have
our bombs blowing up the world.
We only want to blow
up the Americans.
The Pravda article
denouncing him was,
I think, probably
for the purpose
of creating a convenient
cover to shuffle him off
into some Soviet black project.
At the beginning of
the thermonuclear era,
they began to realize
that they were dealing,
not just with
thermonuclear physics,
they were dealing with
a much deeper physics
and that they had
to explore this.
>> What is going on
inside of an atom?
We have a positively charged
nucleus and a negatively
charged electron cloud.
The idea that
there is a particle
called an electron is
totally theoretical.
But we know that
the clouds exist.
That means that
the electron clouds
are in flux around the
positively charged nucleus.
We're also dealing with
the flow of current
and the flow of
the current, as we
saw with Dr. Brown's research,
is of gravitational flow.
Therefore, the flow of gravity
and the flow of electricity
run together.
Therefore, the
actual atom itself
is made of a gravitational flow.
The two are fundamentally
intertwined.
And that's why an
electrical current creates
a gravitational current.
Let's now surmise
that gravity is
the energy that is
flowing into the earth
to create the earth
moment by moment.
We call it the pull of
gravity, but that may be wrong.
It's pushing down on us
and it blows through us
because it also is flowing
into us at a much smaller rate.
So then what happens is you
have various means by which you
can get spin in this
fluid-like energy that
is making the earth.
So a spin in gravity is
called a torsion field.
The torsion field is
actually the equivalent
of a wave that moves through
the gravitational field
as an impulse.
Or, in other words, it's a spin.
>> What really intrigues
me about all this is
it's precisely in
the middle 1950s,
as all of this is going on
as Nick Cook points out,
that anti-gravity talk
in the open literature,
be it popular or
scientific, just dies.
>> This is exactly true.
In the early to
mid-1950s, there was
a brief flurry within the United
States' public media of talk
about anti-gravity
and how we were
very close to achieving
breakthroughs in this,
essentially, flying
saucer technology.
And all of this was
being discussed.
And then it did stop abruptly.
End of 1955 is when it ended.
>> A lot of different scientists
who claimed to have developed
these anti-gravity technologies
find that there is a strange
effect on people's consciousness
when they are near them.
They feel like they're
in an exotic state,
almost like a psychedelic
has been given to them.
There is a very strange
interrelationship
between these technologies
and consciousness.
>> And we know the stories of
Morgan and Tesla and Morgan
suppressing Tesla.
Well, I don't think
it's because Morgan was
an inherently bad guy alone.
He was an inherently bad guy.
But on the other hand,
he's probably got advisors
telling him, well, if this
guy lets this technology out,
it could be turned into
a really bad weapon
that basically
anybody can build.
>> There are obvious reasons
why the US government
and the Russian government
want to suppress torsion field
technology.
Let's be clear.
The application
of this technology
is not totally benevolent.
They are extraordinarily
dubious things
that can be done with it.
>> And on the other hand, it
would be the end of our power.
How do we transition
to this next thing
without losing control
and having everything
go to heck in a handbasket
and blow ourselves up
in the process?
>> The torsion field is the
ultimate key to the unified
model of physics where we
can now link consciousness,
technology, and physics together
in the greater totality.
>> The elites within the United
States military have known
about these forces
since the 1920s.
What the Germans were working
on during the same time period
remained a secret until
long after the war ended.
In 1989, the Berlin
Wall fell and documents
began leaking out of the
former communist countries.
Many of these documents
had never been seen before.
In 1995, a large
group of documents
were discovered in
Poland, which tell
a very interesting story
about a fascinating object
called the Bell.
>> The Bell is an interesting
story that has come out.
It's one of those
stories, incidentally,
that's come out since
the German [GERMAN],,
the German reunification.
It's a story that,
in my opinion,
lies at the very center of
the Nazi UFO myth, this idea
that the Nazis had field
propulsion flying saucers.
And they took secret
trips to the moon and Mars
and what have you.
>> The Bell is a
propulsion system.
it's basically a
kind of reactor.
And that reactor
is the power source
for a thing called the Haunebu.
>> This SS-Gruppenführer's
name is Jakob Sporrenberg.
And he was tried by a
Polish war crimes court
after the war for the crime of
having murdered 60 Germans that
were part of this project
in order to keep it secret.
And in his affidavit before
the Polish war crimes court,
he describes details
of this project
called Die Glocke, The Bell.
He describes a device
that's bell shaped.
It's about 12-15 feet
high, if I remember.
And it's about
maybe 12 feet wide.
It's bell shaped.
It's described in
terms that make
you think it's either a ceramic
cover or a ceramic metal.
It's cryogenically cooled either
with liquid helium or liquid
oxygen, something that's
going to super cool it.
And on the inside
of this device,
there are two
rotating cylinders.
Sporrenberg describes
that they poured
into these
counter-rotating cylinders
a substance called
serum-525, which
was described in the
affidavit, supposedly,
as a very heavy, dense,
viscous, gooey metal that
was a deep maroon
or cherry red color.
There were enough details that
you could sit down and kind
of reverse engineer the
thinking, the physics thinking,
that the Germans may have
been employing in this device.
>> We've heard from a number
of experts about the Germans
and their technology.
And the documentation
coming forth
shows that they were
using a red mercury.
Now, red mercury
is very interesting
because when you put it
into a torus energy field
and get it up to
about 60,000 RPMs
with an atmospheric
pressure of 250,000
and applying an
electromagnetic field,
you get anti-gravity properties.
>> So this serum-525 is put
into these counter-rotating
cylinders.
And they're spun up to high
speed in opposite directions.
And what this is
going to do-- just
to explain a bit of the
physics for a moment--
it's going to cohere the
rotation of the atoms
and molecules of this
substance on one plane.
OK?
So in other words, it's going
to align the axis of rotation
of these things.
Sporrenberg also describes
that it makes a buzzing sound
or a hissing sound.
So the Germans actually
nicknamed it apparently.
They nicknamed this device
[GERMAN],, the beehive,
because it's buzzing.
It's making this buzz.
>> When I was studying
Delschau's artwork,
I saw something
that was stunning.
This had to do with the
propulsion system, the energy
system, for one of these
aeros from the 1850s.
And what it was was
something that Delschau
identifies as a generator cone.
OK?
And it rotates, spins,
on a central axis
that it's fixed to.
And this mystery
fuel, liquid fuel,
is injected into the process.
Well, the shape of
this thing is the shape
of a common shape of a bell.
My jaw dropped because
you're talking about Germans.
You're talking about a
spinning, bell-shaped object
with a secretive
liquid fuel serum.
Here was this same exact basic
concept in the 1850s that
Delschau-- clearly
in the 1890s--
included in one of his drawings.
>> We have indications that the
Germans are experimenting with
some substance that is
being zapped with lots
of electricity.
And right there,
that tells me plasma.
The substance is heavy.
It's liquid.
And it's red.
So that tells me it's
probably metallic.
It's probably an
oxide of mercury
and something else
in chemical compound.
So what they're
creating, in effect,
is a version of the sun.
Because the sun's a plasma.
It's under
electromagnetic stress.
You've got the differential
rotation of the plasma.
And that's going to create
what physicists call torsion.
I think that the bell
device is a device designed
by mimicking the sun to create
a maximum torsion shear effect.
And as a result,
it's going to create
a kind of magnetic
bubble or cancellation
of the gravitational field.
And in fact, this is what
is reported of The Bell
because the concentration
camp victims, who apparently
saw this being tested
at night on the surface,
saw something that looked like
a barrel glowing a pale blue,
rising, kind of levitating,
and then falling
back down below the treeline.
>> The Haunebu is
your classic UFO.
Looks like a UFO that you've
seen in 1,000 magazines.
So they developed the
Haunebu around The Bell.
And they had to shield the
Haunebu because The Bell gives
off so much radiation, and
heat, and a lot of other things.
>> At the end of the war, the
Nazis executed the scientists
and technicians, the
middle echelon scientists
and technicians, involved with
the project to keep it from
falling into the hands of
the Russians and the Allies.
I think aspects of this
project ended up in Argentina
and were experimented upon
under independent Nazi control
even after the war.
Which is very logical,
because if you've
got that kind of technology,
the atom bomb is kind of--
[LAUGHING] it's kind of
the Model T technology.
You can give that to
the Americans, you know?
But this we're going
to keep for ourselves.
And we're going to
work on this more.
And I think that's
exactly what they did.
All of this adds up to me
that they are experimenting
with a prototypical
kind of proof
of concept torsion technology,
field propulsion technology.
>> These technologies were
combined together to develop
a working flying saucer
significantly in advance of any
other technologies.
As a matter of fact, if you
look at the Roswell incident
in 1947, the Germans had
a 10-year head start.
>> Before his death
in 1995, Ben Rich,
the father of the stealth
bomber and head of Lockheed
Martin's top secret Skunk
Works Research Facilities,
said this to a group of
people after a speech.
>> "We already have the means
to travel amongst the stars,
but these technologies are
locked up in black projects
and it would take an act of God
to ever get them out to benefit
humanity.
Anything you can imagine,
we already know how to do."
>> In our next episode, we will
examine the idea that if there
is a secret space program
with advanced technologies,
then is there a possibility that
these technologies could create
a separate civilization to ours?
[MUSIC PLAYING]